feat: remove confluent-kafka as a hard dependency (#26)
openedx/event-bus-kafka: docs/how_tos/manual_testing.rst

#. In devstack, run ``make devpi-up studio-up-without-deps-shell`` to bring up Studio with a shell.
#. In the Studio shell, run ``pip install -e /edx/src/event-bus-kafka``

> #. In the Studio shell, run ``pip install confluent-kafka`` (necessary external dependency)

Reviewer: I think we'll need the extras here too:
```suggestion
#. In the Studio shell, run ``pip install 'confluent_kafka[avro,schema-registry]'`` (necessary external dependency)
```
